spectrum
	risk spectrum
		risk
cultural comparison
	China hongbao bribery
		China
supply and demand
	coronavirus grocery delivery service
		grocery
politics
	policy criticism (medicare) that is audience-oriented (liberal/conservative)
		policy
dichotomy
	audience: old age vs young age (coronavirus)
		audience
slippery slope
	tipping >> bribery
		bribery
greater demand for X
	grocery delivery
		grocery
list of ways to do X
	get articles from scholarly journals
		journals
audience impact: feel confident
	list of ways to get articles from scholarly journals
		ways
some people think...
	all scholarship should be open-access
		open-access
audience impact: feel appreciative
	feel appreciative of the journal-funding system
		system
X is essentially Y
	X=illegally downloading journal articles Y=stealing
		stealing
evaluating the worst case scenario
	reassure the reader
		reader
moral guilt
	compare the person to someone worse and to someone better (stealing journal articles)
		compare
identifying all sources of complexity
	Complex1, Complex2, ...
		1 2 3
feel ethical duty
	to legally pay for journal articles
		pay
positive thinking
	offering solutions to journal article access
		solutions
directly refer to a complex system
	“vast machinery”
		machinery
association with something bad
	association with crime (turnstile jumpers)
		turnstile
characterizing the severity
	coronavirus: “as if ... infected”; life and death; “particular urgency”
		life and death
non-altruistic behavior
	“antisocial” (violating social distancing)
		antisocial
highly generic first paragraph
	discussion of love in coronavirus social distancing article
		love
pragmatic response
	coronavirus social distancing article -- what to do when people violate the social distancing rules
		social distancing
controversial
	“The speech given ... was controversial and even condemning of her audience.”
		speech
ambiguous social situation
	“The speech given ... was ... even condemning of her audience.”
		speech
rhetorical challenge ... rhetorical solution
	“nevertheless, she pulls it off by ...”
paradox
	“happy and challenged”
before stating the argument ...
	“Within her first paragraph ... intentions clear”
levels of audience acceptance below total audience acceptance
	“...or at least hear her out”
the author again does X
	“... again reminds them of ...”
deconstruction
	"Ethics is always, in part, about what kind of person you ought to be ... integrity ... has distinct advantages when it comes to looking yourself in the eye."
three option setup
	professor changes exam format; student cheats; student doesn't cheat
giving the reader a concise formulation of X
	what ethics is about
ground-level assumptions
	cheating on a test is morally wrong, regardless of circumstances
pushing the boundaries of a construct
	cheating on an at-home test
conflicting perspectives
	no-compromises vs. some-compromises
balanced perspectives
	Ethicist: considering from both the angle of the professor and the angle of the student
appeal to audience background knowledge
	"Your partner is a nurse and so should be in a position to assess..."
stress of audience
	the audience isn't sending their kids to daycare even though they could
pronoun repetition
	"He X ... He Y ... He Z"
parallel structure
mindset of a particular person
	"He worked six days a week..."
not giving the name of a person
	"faceless, nameless"
emphasizing a lifestyle
	workaholic lifestyle
professional vs casual context
	talking about challenges of remote learning
sympathy (pity, compassion, commiserate, etc.)
	talking to people facing similar struggles (teachers & remote learning)
informative/explanatory tone
	giving an outsider an overview of the teaching field (remote learning)
celebratory/unifying tone
	advertisements
cautionary tone
	coronavirus public health
supportive tone
	coronavirus mental health
long sentence / short sentence
	if a paragraph uses a lot of really long sentences, followed by one really short sentence, this is to grab attention
self-labelling
	"I am a cripple."
attitude of strength
	overcoming many things -- "fates/gods/viruses"
referring to complex motives, then emphasizing one of them
	complex motives >> simple motives (syntax)
non-reflective attitude
	quickly moving on from the past
rejection of sympathy
	blunt tone --	connotation of pride or strength
independence and control tone
	repetition of word "choice"
power analysis
	By repeating the words "cripple" and "choose," she is taking back power from her condition.
forceful tone
	"swagger" -- image of gait
empowerment tone
	power + strength
rejecting some things to increase strength of argument
	rejection of nostalgia, despair to increase sense of empowerment
unsettling events
	messing up in the music performance ("sour notes") -- anxiety
diction -- from positive to negative
	"beautiful ... lovely" >> "chill >> bewitched"
imagery increasing in strength
	music passage -- "a chill started at the top of my head and began to trickle down"
loss of control
	control of fingers in music performance
obliviousness
	musician is oblivious to what could happen, leading to strong emotions once the mistake occurs
relationship between speaker and audience
	peer-to-peer (teacher to teacher) vs. "talking down" (academia to teachers)
call to action
	author's purpose
conversational tone
	relaxed, friendly
audience
	shared values
		valuing something
exigence
	John Quincy Adams -- traveling abroad with father
		traveling abroad
the writer wants the audience to...
	Abigail Adams -- wants John Quincy Adams to understand her perspective on the value of experience
		perspective
difficulties to benefits
	"Great necessities call out great virtues."
		X creates Y
motivating the audience
	Abigail Adams -- motivating Quincy to learn French
		education -- foreign language
emphasizing something to take away from an experience
	John Quincy Adams -- by visiting France, taking away the idea that struggles lead to the development of virtue
		struggles
point of agreement
	Quincy's earlier submission to his mother's advice
		earlier submission
audience hesitation
	reluctance to go on a voyage
		voyage
audience insecurity
	Quincy doesn't know whether going on the voyage is a good idea
		good idea
audience's career
	Quincy letter -- as a future "statesman"
		future
audience interpersonal
	motivating Quincy by mentioning "ever affectionate mother"
		motivating
reaffirming love
	Abigail Adams
		mother
convince the audience that something is valuable
	Abigail Adams convincing John Quincy Adams of various benefits from actively engaging in the overseas trip
		benefits
passive vs. active engagement
	Abigail Adams convincing John Quincy Adams of various benefits from actively engaging in the overseas trip
		actively engaging
character development
	development of Quincy's character through the overseas trip
		trip
from reluctant to less reluctant
	John Quincy Adams when first deciding to travel overseas
		first deciding
why reluctant?
	Quincy's challenges abroad
		abroad
wanting the audience to gain a character trait
	"Nothing is wanting with you but attention, diligence, and steady application."
		attention
Writers only make criticisms when they see capability in the audience to meet the criticism.
	"Nothing is wanting with you but attention, diligence, and steady application." -- refers to other advantages
		other advantages
logos
	logical reasoning
		reasoning
optimistic attitude
	wisdom as "fruit of experience"
		wisdom
positive ending
	motivation to continue working hard
		motivation
acknowledge
	"Adams acknowledges her support of her son"
		Adams
reminder of audience privilege
	"favored with superior advantages"
		favored
X connotes Y, which is positive
	X=fruit Y=growth and sustenence
		sustenence
warm sentiment
	"ever affectionate mother"
		affectionate
reaffirming, reiterating
	"these warm sentiments are reaffirmed"
		warm
trust
	"show her trust and confidence"
		trust
incentive
	"giving her son the incentive to go far and do what is right"
		giving
future: hopefulness/optimism/love/care
	"this molding comes from a place of love and hopefulness for the future"
		comes from a place
the writer writes, coming from a place of...
	"this molding comes from a place of love and hopefulness for the future"
		comes from a place
calling attention
	"by describing his father as _, she is calling attention to"
		describing
immensely reassuring
	"for someone who was reluctant to embark ... this would be immensely reassuring"
		reluctant
X is taking care of Y
	"his father is taking care of him"
		father
Now ... later ... ultimately
	now=kcalling attention later=motivation ultimately=love
		now
Writing sample: Video#3
	Adams is calling attention to the privilege that Quincy has received. What Adams is trying to do is help Quincy deal with his past and present insecurity about embarking on a voyage to a foreign country, ultimately reaffirming and strengthening the unconditional love relationship between Adams and her son. [insert quote] Adams describes Quincy's father as "instructive" and "tender" which are positive connotations of (1) reliable and wise guidance (2) consistent support. These are positive descriptions of a father, lending the paragraph an optimistic and encouraging tone. Quincy is given reassurance that no matter what the struggles are, he will be helped through them by his father, ultimately giving him the confidence and encouragement to overcome the aforementioned insecurity and persevere through his overseas voyage.

Rewatch Video#3.

diction
	Audience influence + impact.
		influence
positive ending
	audience effect: positive ending, happy note
		audience
the audience's need for encouragement
	the writer gives encouragement to the audience
		writer
problem-first style
	If the text is trying to address a big problem (Quincy's lack of confidence), mention this FIRST in the analysis
		state
know/feel
	"this causes her son to feel ... because he knows that ..."
		causes
conveys the writer's intent
	In the journey, you need to develop virtue X.
		develop
optimistic beliefs
	"that this journey is for the best"
		journey
writer cares about the audience
	Adams really does want her son to develop positive "fruit" e.g., "wisdom and penetration."
		Adams ... want her son ...
X values Y but may be confused whether Y is worth the effort
	(My writing) Quincy values "wisdom and penetration" (lines 35-36) but may be confused whether the struggles will actually give him these virtues.
		values
resolving confusion
	(My writing) Here, Adams displays hope and confidence that the voyage will be worth it, helping resolve the confusion and giving Quincy a better understanding of the purpose of the voyage.
		resolve
proverb
	(My writing) Lines 35-36, Adams addresses the subject with a proverb -- "wisdom and penetration are the fruit of experience." Note that "fruit" is a positive word for difficulties. It calls attention to the long-term value of short-term struggle.
		quote
delivery of proverb
	(My writing) The proverb is delivered from a place of mother-son relationship, in a context of unconditional love and conveying optimism.
proverb >> impact
	(My writing) This delivery motivates Quincy to treasure both his positive and negative experiences as valuable things. Quincy starts to develop a general form of motivation and grit, and ultimately, the mother-son relationship is strengthened.
(My writing)
	Quincy, like many others, desires wisdom but may be confused whether the struggles of an overseas voyage will actually give him this virtue, especially since from the beginning he was reluctant to go on the voyage. Adams anticipates this confusion and resolves it with a proverb -- "wisdom and penetration are the fruit of experience" (Lines 35-36). Adams is calling attention to the long-term value of short-term struggle by using positive words like "fruit" to describe negative challenges. The message is that Quincy needs to treasure both his positive and negative experiences on the voyage as valuable things. Quincy gets a better understanding of the purpose of the voyage and starts to develop a general form of motivation and grit. The fact that this is delivered in the context of a mother-son relationship strengthens the motivation and the optimistic feeling.
factor / strengthening
	The fact that this is delivered in the context of a mother-son relationship strengthens the motivation and the optimistic feeling.
		the fact that
additional source of motivation
	(My writing) Lines 61-63 use a sentimental tone to provide an additional source of motivation.
		additional
feeling X is evoked through Y
	(My writing) Sentimentality is evident through phrases like "extremely" happy parents and an "ever affectionate" mother. This evokes a feeling of hope and encouragement.
		feeling
X is proud of Y's accomplishments
	(My writing) Adams takes pride in the personal growth that her son will experience during the overseas voyage.
		growth
reaffirming optimism
	(My writing) Adams reaffirms an optimistic attitude where hard work now is virtually certain to pay off in future success.
		reaffirm
being mindful
	"While being mindful of her son's fears and insecurities ..."
		fears
experiences building character
	"This experience, though difficult, will build ..."
		difficult


Video#4.

emotion/ obligation-guilt
	"appeal to emotion"
		appeal
patriotistic aspect
	(My writing) Quincy and Adams share strong patriotistic values. Adams calls attention to the patriotistic aspect of the voyage overseas by using the historical allusion.
		patriotistic
audience background
	(My writing) Quincy has the background knowledge in history and politics to understand that the current time is a major time of political revolution.
motivation "should come in part" from X
	The historical allusion reminds Quincy that with his future role as a statesman, his motivation for the voyage should come in part from a sense of duty to his country.
		statesman

Video#5 and onward.

"The message of both of these is clear"
	...Adams believes her son should...
		believes
instill a sense of X
	"in order to instill in her son a sense of responsibility"
		son
legitimization through examples
	"provides examples to legitimize the idea that..."
		provides examples
intensifies the need for X
	"By invoking God's name, she intensifies the need for her son to ... change the shape of the future."
		shape of the future
guilt manipulation
	"she has invested her life in him..."
		invested
present difficulties (Context)
	"the American revolution from Great Britain and the birth of a new nation"
		revolution
urge the audience to fix problems
	"she urges her audience to seek out problems that still exist in the world and help fix them"
		seek
insufficiency of progress
	"we have not gone far enough as gender equality remains an issue unresolved"
		unresolved
human rights
	"women continue to fight on all fronts for rights they deserve..."
		fight
strive for X resolution of problem
	"strive for gender equality"
		strive
opposition to rights
	"fight for rights in the face of opposition..."
		rights
author is example
	"...as an example of what some of the new graduates listening might aspire to be"
		aspire
inspiring the audience to X
	"...inspiring the graduates to live courageously..."
		inspiring
tone of resolve
	"a strong resolve to stick to civil disobedience and non-violent actions committed to help gain independence from Britain"
		strong
X is determined for Y
	"Gandhi is determined for ... the negotiation of India's freedom"
		freedom
moving towards the resolution of X
	X=gender equality
		equality
the author proposes X
	X=Indian independence
		independence
particularly vivid and sensory imagery
	"dry and parched surface ... even the bushes smelt unpleasantly"
		dry
ethos = shared moral ideals
	patriotism as ethos
		patriotism
pathos = feeling of responsibility
	responsibility to country
		country
logos = analysis of experience
	"lamp of experience"
		lamp
using words to show respect
	"gentlemen" "sir" "Mr. President" etc.
		sir
logos = parallelism
	"we have ... we have ..." -- the idea that we've tried everything and now there's only one option left
		we have


Thesis
	defensible
	clear claim
	analyze writer’s choices
Evidence and commentary
	specific evidence
	line of reasoning
	argument/purpose/message (APM)
Sophistication
	identify/explore complexities and tensions
	significance/relevance of rhetorical choices (given the rhetorical situation)
Speaker
	values/beliefs/needs
		"I value this! I believe this! I need this!"
Purpose
	What is the claim about the subject?
		subject
	What is the speaker trying to make the audience believe / do / feel?
Audience
	Who is the target audience?
	How do you know this?
	What are their values/beliefs/needs?
Context
	What is going on in the world? Big issues? Cultural, historical, religious, etc.
Exigence
	Why does the author decide to speak out or write about this thing?
Choices
	Reasoning
	Form
	Structure
	Language/Diction
Appeals
	Logos
	Ethos
	Pathos
Tone
	prevailing attitude
	tone shift (qualification -- limitation, refinement -- narrowing, reconsideration -- change of subject)
	Diction (context & connotation)
	Syntax (attitude)
	Imagery (feelings, responses)
	Details (subject >> understanding/aspects)
	peaceful tone
	reflective tone
	straightforward tone
Writer/audience
	values/beliefs/needs
How to analyze a metaphor?
	emphasize the role of the writer knowing things about hte audience
Rhetorical Problem / Rhetorical Strategy / Rhetorical Solution
	spend a lot of time talking about the problem
meme idea of rubric
	The grader "remembers" what is useful.

While Gandhi grounds his letter in
reality, he also deftly employs hypothetical
statements as he presents his argument to Lord
Irwin. While others would suggest that there is no
path forward for Britain India to resolve their
disputes, Gandhi challenges this notion, pondering,
‘if the British commerce with India is purified of
greed, you will have no difficulty in recognizing our
independence’ (ll 32-35). His statement is not as
much a hypothetical thought exercised as it is an
establishment for a condition to be met in order for
conflict to be resolved; Gandhi’s message rings clear:
Britain need to reduce its greed.

CR (Chain of Reasoning): Gandhi challenges Irwin's belief that peacefully resolving the dispute is impossible.

RD (Rhetorical Device): At one point, Gandhi uses the device of hypothetical reasoning -- that if "British commerce" is "purified of greed" then Britain will recognize "independence" with "no difficulty."

RS (Rhetorical Situation): Both Gandhi and Irwin virtually certainly believe (through common sense, as well as through experience in formal negotiations) that one side's greediness make negotiating far more difficult for both sides. Both people value sincerity and honesty in trying to make the ethically best decision, but Gandhi has the opinion that Irwin, along with many others in the British government, have lost touch with their own ethics due to greed.

RP (Rhetorical Problem): If the negotiators for Britain commit to stop being greedy, it seems that negotiations will go much quicker and easier.

RE (Resolution): Gandhi claims that if this is done, the negotiation should present "no difficulty."

CR2: At some level, Gandhi uses this phrase to refine his own belief: the negotiation is possible, and  furthermore, it should be fairly easy to actualize this possibility.

RD2: The notion that despite Britain's official statements, this might actually be an easy win-win situation

RS2: appeals to Irwin's sense of patriotic duty to help higher officials come to a more sensible decision and help shape the future for the better.

RP2: As Irwin begins to reconsider his anti-independence perspective,

RE2: Gandhi provides an encouraging and optimistic voice.

From Essay B: “Gandhi’s narration of his intentions
serves the purpose of disarming hostility from Irwin
in order to increase the receptiveness of his letter and
ideas. Gandhi’s first sentence explains his purpose in
‘embarking on non-violence,’ immediately opening
the letter with his intent and assuaging any concern
of a violent rebellion.” This passage analyzes as it
quotes. This student quotes Gandhi, explaining the
impact of Gandhi’s word choice.

CR: Gandhi's whole movement is fundamentally based on non-violence.

RD: In the first sentence, Gandhi claims that he is "embarking on non-violence," which calls attention to this fact.

RS: One common ground between Irwin and Gandhi is that they share the same positive regard for attempts at non-violence.

RP: However, it is difficult for Irwin and his fellow statesmen to accept Gandhi's concept of non-violent independence. In the historical context, not only is Gandhi demanding a costly concession from the British government, but he goes about it in an unprecedented way.

RE: Irwin, after remembering that Gandhi's movement is non-violent, will be more open-minded towards his methods and ideas, even if hostility and ignorance still remains.

From Essay A: “While civil rights advocates often
use a personal emotion appeal underscored with
pathos to assert the necessity of their cause, Gandhi
does the opposite, preferring to use detached
language, void of emotion.” The student does not fall
into the clichéd discussion of Gandhi’s use of pathos;
in fact, the student contemplates the text within the
rhetorical situation to argue why Gandhi does not use
a pathetic appeal.

CR: Gandhi argues for the necessity of implementing his reform.

RD: In doing so, he uses a style of detached language.

RS: Gandhi is a civil rights advocate.

RP: Such writers often use pathos to evoke strong emotions, but Gandhi's letter seems void of emotion.

RE: Nevertheless, Gandhi's argument is successful.
