Critical reading

What was Santiago's dream?
Explain the merchant's daughter?
Why can't the sheperd read?
What is the only desire of the sheep? What causes this? +/-
What are the motives for the priest >> sheperd transformation? +/-
The sheep do not notice _ because?
What makes life interesting?
What is the gypsy stereotype?
Language of _ vs. language of _.
The gypsy's payment? And the reaction?
Issue with persistent friends?
What is the greatest lie in the world?
What was written in the sand?
There exists a great truth in this planet ... ?
What is the example of the popcorn salesman?
Why does the sheperd have to pay a tenth of his sheep to the old person?
What does boredom result from?
How does the sheperd justify leaving his sheep?
What is the Principle of Favorability?
How is Santiago supposed to know what to do or follow?
How do Urim and Turim work?
What is the primary message of the "two drops of oil" fable?
What led up to the first robbery?
What is the reaction of the first robbery?
What is the reaction from the first Urim/Turim?
Victim or adventurer in search of treasure?
What is the attitude of the confectioner?
What is the situation of the Crystal Merchant?
How long will Santiago have to work to really get to Egypt?
At this point, does Santiago resolve to go back or go to Egypt?
What request does Santiago make to the shopkeeper?
What is Santiago's reply to the merchant's opinion regarding the pyramid travel?
Describe the whole deal with the differential dreams of Santiago vs. the shopkeeper.
At this point, does Santiago resolve to go back or go to Egypt?
What is the business plan that Santiago sets up for selling stuff? And then what is the shopkeeper's objection?
TODO: interpret pg76 bottom half about sheep, water, food
What is the shared language of the world, the language without words?
What is the decision process that helped Santiago cross the desert?
Who is the English and the Arabic about -- what are they doing?
What is taking a decision metaphorized as?
