7.     Describe the similarities and differences between the 1st and 2nd New Deal

copy:

Herbert Hoover's ideology
	the belief that giving direct payments to the poor would make them lazier, and it was more productive to give capital to big business, in hopes that the benefits would "trickle down" to everyone
Hoovervilles-
	 A nickname given to extremely poor communities that Hoover was blamed for
FDR election shows that
	people disliked the Hoover ideology and wanted the government to take a more active role in solving problems


New Deal tactics [LIST 2]

give work to the unemployed by creating public works jobs (Works Progress Administration (WPA); Civilian Conservation Corps (CCC))
a strong social welfare system

Agricultural Adjustment Acts-
	a strategy to boost crop prices by making farms reduce their output
Tennessee Valley Authority (TVA)
	improved economic conditions in a poor rural region.
Social Security Act 1935-
	financial support to the elderly and the retired
Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC)-
	restored public confidence in banks; the government insures the customer's money in case of bank failure
Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC)-
	regulation of banks/stock market; disallow some stock speculation
• National Labor Relations Act (Wagner Act)-
	legalized collective bargaining which was very good for unions
New Deal CONS
	use of deficit spending that raised national debt; "many historians say that WWII ended the Great Depression, rather than the New Deal"

8.    Describe Roosevelt’s “Court Packing Plan” - was Roosevelt trying to undermine the Constitution?

Yes. The Constitution uses justices as checks-and-balances. Having the president just nominate a bunch of judges in a snap is executive overriding judicial. Judges serve for life and such measures would seriously compromise the political balance that the Constitution tries to set up.

This happened with the Midnight Judges. But that is excusable because 

Andrew Jackson: kind of excusable. It's just one case.

• Worcester v. Georgia-
	 Supreme Court said that the Trail of Tears is unconstitutional, but President Andrew Jackson did not enforce the ruling.
• Whig party began as
	 a group unified against Andrew Jackson.

While the exact number of justices isn't in the constitution, attempting to undermine a whole branch of the government in a lasting way (justices serve for life) is dangerous to permit.
