1.     To what did the American retreat from responsibility in foreign affairs aid in the rise of dictators in the 1930s?
	Appeasement
	due to the Great Depression, isolationism dominated
2.     Describe the factors that led to increased conflict in Europe
	emergence of Fascism (a mix of nationalism and socialism), first by Mussolini (seizing power in Italy), then by Hitler
	Germany's withdrawal from the League of Nations
	Germany reoccupied the Rhineland with armed forces, violating the Versailles Treaty -- no one did anything
3.     Describe the factors that led to increased conflict in Asia
	Japanese invasion of Manchuria
	Japan's withdrawal from the League of Nations
 
4.     Explain the relationship with the following PEDLIGS and the developing concept of American Neutrality and intervention;
 
a.    Kellogg - Briand Pact
	A fanciful and not very useful pact that outlawed war while not requiring any military intervention
b.    Washington Naval Conference
	Worked for a while.
c.    Nye Committee
	suggested a scandal where the armaments industry tricked America into entering WW1, this was not substantiated, but it reinforced American neutrality
d.    Arsenal for Democracy
	the lend-lease act (giving military aid for free to the allies) gradually increased in scope, in favor of non-neutrality

5.  To what extent could the United States have prevented the outbreak of WW II?
	The US could have advocated for stronger versions of particular treaties.
	The Four Power Treaty had no clause for military enforcement.
	The Nine-Power Treaty that endorsed the Open Door also had no such clause.
	The naval disarmament treaty did not regulate smaller craft (e.g., submarines).
	This gave President Harding a false confidence in world peace.
	A similar thing happened in the Kellogg-Briand Pact.
	When all the agreements were put to the test in Japan's invasion of Manchuria, the US did not respond with military aid to China.
6.     Considering the reasons for conflict in Asia, how surprising was the attack on Pearl Harbor - was the war between the United States and Japan inevitable?
	Japan was unwilling to withdraw from its variety of overseas expansions (China, French Indochina, Manchuria, etc.) and was unable to reach a compromis ewith the US.